Jarrod website refactor (#429)
scientific-python/scientific-python.org: content/about/_index.md

title: "About"
---

This is the main website of the _Scientific Python project_.

{{< notice mission >}}
To better coordinate the ecosystem and support the community of contributors and maintainers.
{{< /notice >}}

The scientific Python _ecosystem_ is a loose federation of community-developed and -owned Python projects widely used in scientific
research, technical computing, and data science.
The scientific Python _community_ of contributors and maintainers are employed by a variety of universites, research labs, and companies.
Historically, the community has been composed primarily of volunteers working in their free-time over nights and weekends.
Given the growing importance of these tools, funding to work on these projects has been increasing.
However, volunteers continue to drive the development of these tools.

> This is particularly true, since the existing funding is largely short-term and not certain to continue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is true, in particular, because existing funding is largely short-term and not certain to continue.
```

{{< notice values >}}

1. Open
2. Community-driven
3. Transparent

> 4. Science-focused

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Science-focused
```

   {{< /notice >}}

## Ecosystem Projects

There are a numerous projects that use Python for computing, but we focus specifically on projects that are:

> - **Science focused**

Reviewer: Insert transparent definition here

Author: Will look into this later.

  Tools used by students, researchers, and scientists for teaching and discovery that are openly shared with the public.

- **Open source**

  Distributed under unrestrictive open source licenses, projects are developed and maintained publicly and accessible to all.

- **Community-driven**

  Projects are developed by open communities composed primarily of the users of the software.

## Who we are

Learn more about the [community]({{< relref "/community" >}}) that
powers Scientific Python.

## What We Do

> We have several

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
